." Manpage for zappy project
." Contact: Your Name <your.email@example.com>
.TH ZAPPY "EPITECH" 6 "May 2024" "Version 1.0" "Zappy Manual"

.SH NAME
Zappy \- Welcome to Zappy!

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI \fB\,zappy_ai\ \ \t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\fR\ \fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname\fR\ \fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI \fB\,zappy_gui\  \t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI \fB\,zappy_server\t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fR\fI\,\fR\fI\,\-x\ \fRwidth\ \fI\,\-y\ \fRheight\ \fI\,\-n\ \fRname1\ name2\ ...\ \fI\,\-c\ \fRclientsNb\ \fI\,\-f\ \fRfrequency
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Zappy project is a game involving 3 binaries:



.SH OPTIONS
.nf
.PP
.BI\,zappy_ai:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ name\ that\ will\ be\ given\ the\ AI\ process.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ ip\ on\ which\ the\ \fBAI\fR\ is\ to\ talk.\ (default:\ localhost\ [i.e:\ 127.0.0.1])
.PP
.BI\,zappy_gui:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ ip\ on\ which\ the\ \fBGUI\fR\ is\ to\ talk.\ (default:\ localhost\ [i.e:\ 127.0.0.1])
.PP
.BI\,zappy_server:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-x\ \fRwidth
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ \fBwidth\fR\ of\ the\ world.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-y\ \fRheight
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ \fBheight\fR\ of\ the\ world.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname1\ name2\ ...
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ name(s)\ of\ the\ team(s)\ that\ will\ play.
.BI\t\t\t\fRMultiple\ team\ names\ should\ be\ separated\ by\ spaces.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-c\ \fRclientsNb
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ maximum\ number\ of\ clients\ that\ are\ allowed\ to\ play.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-f\ \fRfrequency
.BI\t\t\t\fRSpecifies\ the\ number\ of\ actions\ per\ time\ unit.
.BI\t\t\t\fRA\ higher\ frequency\ means\ actions\ happen\ faster.
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.BI    zappy_server(1),\ zappy_gui(1),\ zappy_server(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by (c) Henry Letellier.

.SH DEVELLOPPERS
.nf
.B (c)\ Harleen\ Singh-Kaur
.B (c)\ Eric\ Xu
.B (c)\ Victor\ Yvon
.B (c)\ Thomas\ Lebouc
.B (c)\ Henry\ Letellier
.fi

.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
.BI \fRThis\ is\ a\ project\ that\ was\ created\ during\ our\ second\ year\ at\ Epitech.
.BI \fRThus,\ feel\ free\ to\ use\ this\ project,\ but\ you\ cannot\ edit,\ sel\ or\ re-sel\ it.
.fi

.SH BUGS
.nf
.BI \fRPlease\ report\ any\ bugs\ to\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail.com>.
.BI \fRAlthough,\ there\ is\ absolutly\ no\ garanty\ that\ it\ will\ be\ fixed.
.BI \fRAnother\ way\ would\ be\ to\ open\ an\ issue\ on\ the\ github\ project,\ see\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"\ for\ more\ details.
.fi

.SH NOTES
.nf
.BI \fIThis\ man\ page\ is\ for\ informational\ purposes\ only.
.BI \fRFor\ detailed\ usage\ instructions,\ please\ refer\ to\ the\ specific\ manual\ pages\ listed\ under\ "SEE\ ALSO".
.BI \fRYou\ can\ also\ find\ links\ concerning\ the\ project\ in\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"
.fi

.SH PROJECT RESSOURCES
.nf
.".BI\fRWebsite:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.BI\fRSource\ code\ (Github):\ https://github\&.com/Hanra-s-work/my_zappy/
.BI\fRDocumentation:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi

.SH DISCLAIMER
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.

.SH VERSION
1.0

.SH DATE
May 2024

.SH SUB-PAGE DOXY DUMP [${FILE_COUNT} file(s)] (very crude for now)
